Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[WIND BLOWING]
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
[HORSE GRUNTS]
[ELECTRIC SHAVER BUZZING]
[ALICE SPEAKING FRENCH]
Hmm.
[SCOFFS]
[ELECTRIC SHAVER BUZZING]
[KOFFI SPEAKING SWAHILI]
[KOFFI WHIMPERS. THUDS]
[ALICE SPEAKING]
[KOFFI GRUNTS]
[TSHALA ON VOICEMAIL]
[ALICE KISSES]
[HORN HONKING]
[PHONE BEEPS]
- [HORN HONKING]
- [TIRES SCREECH]
[HORN HONKING]
- [HORN HONKS]
- [MAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
[MEN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
[IN SWAHILI]
[ALL SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
[MAN SPEAKING SWAHILI]
[IN FRENCH]
[ALICE CHUCKLES]
[SCOFFS]
[LAUGHING]
- [MECHANICAL WHIRRING]
- [INAUDIBLE CONVERSATION]
[KOFFI SIGHS]
[ALL CLAMORING]
[ALL CHEERING]
[ALL CLAMORING. CHEERING]
[ALICE SPEAKING]
[KOFFI SPEAKING]
[ALL CHEERING]
[TSHALA ON PHONE]
[TSHALA SPEAKS IN FRENCH]
TSHALA: [IN ENGLISH] Okay. cool.
[IN FRENCH]
[WOMEN CHATTING. LAUGHING]
[CHILDREN CHATTERING]
[IN LINGALA]
KOFFI: Mmm.
[IN FRENCH]
[KOFFI CLEARS THROAT]
[IN LINGALA]
ALL: Hmm.
[IN FRENCH]
[BOTH CHUCKLE SOFTLY]
[WOMEN CHATTERING]
- [UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
- [ALL CHATTERING]
[ALL LAUGHING. CHATTING]
[ALICE CHUCKLES]
[BOTH ARGUING]
KOFFI: Mmm-hmm.
[SIGHS]
[CHUCKLES]
[ALL CHUCKLING]
BOY: Uncle Malage.
[BOY SPEAKING]
[CLICKS TONGUE. SIGHS]
[BABY CRYING]
[WOMAN SPEAKING]
- [CLICKS TONGUE]
- [BABY COOING]
[ALICE CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
Oh.
[IN ENGLISH] Wow. Okay.
[CLICKS TONGUE]
[BABY COOING]
[CHUCKLES AWKWARDLY]
KOFFI: Hmm.
[HESITATES] Mmm-hmm.
[KOFFI CHUCKLES]
- Oh.
- [KOFFI CHUCKLES]
- [CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY]
[KOFFI LAUGHS]
[WHISPERING]
[BABY COOING]
[BABY CRYING]
[SPEAKING IN FRENCH]
[TSHALA GASPS]
[YELLS]
[SCREAMING]
[CLAMORING]
- [SCREAMING HYSTERICALLY]
- [BABY CRYING]
[OVERLAPPING DIALOGUES]
- [TSHALA SCREAMING]
[SPEAKING IN FRENCH]
[ALL IN CHORUS]
[KOFFI PANTING]
[ALICE SPEAKING]
[COUGHS]
[PANTING]
[ALL IN CHORUS]
KOFFI: [IN ENGLISH]
It's bullshit.
It's just bullshit.
They're just...
[ALICE SPEAKING FRENCH]
[IN ENGLISH] They're just
trying to scare me. all right?
They're trying to find
a religious explanation.
It's... It's nothing.
It's just bullshit.
Don't worry. It's nothing.
[PASTOR SPEAKING
IN NATIVE LANGUAGE]
[PASTOR SPEAKING]
[CROWD AFFIRMING]
[ALICE STRAINING]
[ALICE SOBBING]
- [ALL AFFIRMING IN CHORUS]
- [THUDDING]
[ALICE GRUNTS]
[STRAINING]
[PANTING. STRAINING]
[GRUNTS]
[KOFFI PANTING]
[ALICE SPEAKING]
[MAMA MULA SPEAKING]
Huh?
Hmm?
[ALL IN CHORUS]
Paco.
[PACO SPEAKING]
[BAND PLAYING MUSIC]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[PEOPLE CHATTING INDISTINCTLY]
[SCREAMS] Yeah!
[MAN OVER SPEAKER]
[ALL CHEERING]
[ALICE SPEAKING]
[DRIVER SPEAKING]
DRIVER: Yeah.
[ALICE SPEAKING]
[BAND MUSIC CONTINUES]
Uh...
[ALL TALKING INDISTINCTLY]
[ALL CHEERING]
[CROWD CHANTING]
[THUMPING]
[PEOPLE CHEERING. WHISTLING]
Aye! Aye! Aye!
[CROWD CHEERING]
[BOYS WHOOPING]
ALL: [CHANTING]
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
[ALL CHEERING]
- [ANNOUNCER SHOUTING]
- [CROWD CHANTING]
[ALL CHEERING]
[GROANING]
[SAWING]
[GROANING. SCREAMING]
[CROWD ERUPTS]
[SHOUTING]
- [BOY ANNOUNCING]
- [CROWD CHEERING]
- [CHANTING]
- [CROWD CHANTING BACK]
[CHEERING]
[WHOOPING]
[CHANTING]
[BAND MUSIC PLAYING]
[ANNOUNCER SPEAKING]
[CROWS CAWING]
- [RUMBLING]
- [BAND MUSIC PLAYING]
- [METAL RATTLING]
- [GLASS CLANKING]
[VEHICLE BEEPING]
[MUSIC STOPS]
[ALL SHOUTING]
[BOYS LAUGHING]
[VEHICLE BEEPING]
[ALL LAUGHING]
[METAL SCRAPING]
[BAND MUSIC PLAYING]
[SHOUTING]
[INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[ALL GROANING]
[SHOUTING FRANTICALLY]
[GROANING]
[GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[BREATHING RAPIDLY]
[LINE RINGING]
[TSHALA OVER PHONE]
[KOFFI SPEAKING]
[SIGHS]
[MAN SINGING]
[HUMMING SOFTLY]
[MAN SPEAKING]
[LAUGHING]
Um...
[MAN LAUGHS]
[LAUGHS]
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
Hmm? [LAUGHS SOFTLY]
[PEOPLE SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
Oh...
[CHUCKLES]
Um...
[MAN LAUGHING]
[LAUGHS. COUGHS]
[COUGHING]
[EXHALES]
[MACHINE WHIRRING]
[BREATH TREMBLING]
[PACO SPEAKING]
- BOY: Ah...
- [PACO CONITNUES]
- [BREATHING HEAVILY]
- [BOY SPEAKING]
[PACO SPEAKING]
[BOY SPEAKING]
TSHALA: Mmm?
[ALICE CHUCKLES. SPEAKS]
[TSHALA LAUGHING]
[KOFFI CHUCKLING]
ALICE: Uh-huh.
[TSHALA CHUCKLING]
TSHALA: Mmm.
Mmm.
[EXHALES]
[HESITATES]
[FUSE CLICKS]
- TSHALA: Ah. [LAUGHS]
- [KOFFI SPEAKING]
[DOG BARKING]
[TSHALA IN DEEPER VOICE]
[TSHALA LAUGHS]
[TSHALA SPEAKING]
[PEOPLE TALKING INDISTINCTLY]
- [ALICE SPEAKING]
- [TSHALA SPEAKING]
[TSHALA SPEAKING]
Hmm?
[KOFFI SPEAKING]
TSHALA: Koffi...
TSHALA: Aye. aye. aye. Oh...
- Aye. ah. huh?
- KOFFI: Hmm.
Hey...
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
[LAUGHS]
TSHALA: [IN ENGLISH] Damn!
My pussy hurts so bad.
What?
Is it that time of the month?
No. not even...
It's this burning feeling.
you know.
It's been two weeks now
but getting worse and worse.
How about you?
How's the roads?
I think I'm gonna sleep
at the next stop.
Dead. dead tired.
But I think I should be
there by tomorrow.
That's if I don't get
any problems
at the customs in Zambia.
You know how it is.
You'll be okay.
Okay. love.
You tell me
if there's any problem?
- Yeah.
- All right.
Take care.
- Love you. bye. [KISSES]
- Love you. [KISSES]
[CALL ENDS]
[GROANS SOFTLY]
[FLUSHING]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[BREATHING DEEPLY]
[PEOPLE TALKING INDISTINCTLY]
[SOFT MUSIC PLAYING]
[TALKING INDISTINCTLY]
Wow.
GIRL: Wow.
[WOMAN SPEAKING IN DEEP VOICE]
[WOMAN SPEAKING]
Hmm?
[CHUCKLES]
[WOMAN GROWLS]
[WOMAN HISSES]
[WOMAN IN DISTORTED VOICE]
[REPEATS IN SCARY VOICE]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[GROWLING]
[BOY PANTING]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
MAMA: [OVER PHONE] My love.
we must dissociate appearances
and the essence of the mind.
The mind is the creator
of happiness and suffering.
It is the creator of Nirvana
and negative emotions.
Ezra is an obstacle
to an infinite cycle.
I meditate
to control this emotion.
to transform my resentment
into karma of joy.
-  [GIRL MOANING]
- We will be
the antidote
to this infection.
This mental poison
that lies within your organs.
within my organs.
results from our greed.
Mental poison
of our interrupted pleasure.
-  [GIRL MOANING]
- I don't have the flu.
I get the flu.
and it will fade away
like white gel
in the light of healthy karma.
- My love.
call me when you arrive
-  [DOORBELL RINGING]
so that we can
regenerate together.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
[GIRL SPEAKING]
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
[TSHALA SIGHS]
[SINGING]
[CHUCKLES]
[BABY COOING]
[ALICE CHUCKLES]
[LWA-TOUYE PLAYING]
What's the point
of getting tested
if you don't do all the STDs?
You slept again
with Malaika. didn't you?
She gave you something.
Ezra. you did.
I saw it. I know it.
I'm going to call her.
Hey. listen. you can go ahead
and fuck whoever you want.
But not with her.
[ALL LAUGHING]
[SPEAKING FRENCH]
[SIGHS]
[BOTH GRUNT]
Huh?
BOTH: Hmm?
[BOTH MURMURING]
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[BIRD CHIRPING]
Hmm?
[BIRD WINGS FLAP]
[MIMICKING BIRD TWEETING]
[WHISTLING CONTINUES]
[TSHALA SPEAKING]
TSHALA: Hmm.
- [SCOFFS]
- [LAUGHING]
No way. [CHUCKLES]
TSHALA: [CHUCKLES] Hmm.
[KOFFI SIGHS]
TSHALA: Hmm. [CHUCKLES]
[BREATH TREMBLING]
[DOORBELL RINGS]
[IN ENGLISH]
Fuckboy is here to take you
to live your best life
in Durban.
[SIGHS]
EZRA: So what?
We couldn't wait
till we get to Durban
and see a real doctor?
So. now you're going to tell me
how your real doctors
treat this shit. huh?
I wouldn't be in this mess
if you hadn't
fucked with Malaika.
How could I have known?
TSHALA: You know she doesn't
protect herself.
All your fancy speeches...
of "Domination
should change first
in the bedroom". don't work.
[REGALIA CLINKING]
[IN FRENCH]
[PASTOR SPEAKING]
[SPITS. GRUNTS]
[DOORBELL RINGS]
[CLATTERING]
[SIGHS]
[GASPS]
[PHONE DIALING]
[PHONE LOCK CLICKS]
[SIGHING]
What the fuck?
What does this all mean?
Palm oil doesn't cure shit.
[REGALIA CLINKING]
TSHALA: I know. Sorry.
[BOYS CHANTING]
[CHANTING CONTINUES]
[ALL SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
- [PANTING]
- [CHUCKLES]
[ALL CHUCKLING]
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
[MELANCHOLIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[ANNOUNCER SPEAKING]
[AUDIENCE CHANTING]
[AUDIENCE CHEERING]
[CHANTING IN OTHER LANGUAGE]
[AUDIENCE CHANTING. CHEERING]
[CHUCKLING]
[GROANS SOFTLY]
[SNIFFS]
[AUDIENCE CHANTING. CHEERING]
[BOY CHUCKLING]
[GUNSHOT]
[BOY PANTING]
[GASPS]
[CROWS CAWING]
[TSHALA SPEAKING]
[MAMA SPEAKING]
[SIGHS]
[TSHALA SPEAKING]
[SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE]
[KOFFI RECITING PRAYER]
[ALL SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
[GRUNTS]
[ALL WAILING]
[CRYING]
[JARRING VIOLIN MUSIC PLAYING]
[VOICES FADE]
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
- [CHUCKLES]
- [BABY COOING]
[CLICKS TONGUE]
[BABY COOING]
[CELL PHONE KEYPAD BEEPING]
[MASEKINI OVER VOICEMAIL]
[BEEPS]
[MAMA SPEAKING]
[SINGING SOPRANO]
[SINGING CONTINUES]
[SONG ENDS]
[DOG BARKS]
[SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
[IN ENGLISH] Okay.
[UNCLE MALAGE SPEAKING]
[FURNITURE CREAKING]
[CAR DOORS SHUT]
[CAR ENGINE STARTS]
[CAR DRIVES AWAY]
[BIRD TWEETING]
[TSHALA SPEAKING]
[SCOFFS WRYLY]
[SHUDDERS]
[SIGHS]
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
[BREATH TREMBLING]
[BOTH SIGH HEAVILY]
[SOBBING SOFTLY]
[CHUCKLING]
[SLAMS PAPER ON DESK]
[EXHALES SHAKILY]
[MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING]
[RUSTLING]
[CRACKLING]
[MUSIC CONTINUES]
[MUSIC FADES]
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
[BAND PLAYS UPBEAT MUSIC
IN DISTANCE]
[UPBEAT MUSIC CONTINUES]
[SINGING IN OTHER LANGUAGE]
[MUSIC STOPS]
[SIGHS]
[ROCKS RATTLING]
[CRYING]
[PANTING]
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
[CLOCK TICKING]
[EXHALES]
[TRIBAL JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING]
[MAN SINGING IN OTHER LANGUAGE]
[SONG ENDS]
[SUBLIME MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ Falling to
your system again. I...
♪ Leave my dreams
in my bedsheets
♪ Looking out the window
again. I...
♪ I let you be the hero
♪ I'm losing
all my senses again
♪ Don't wanna be
a witness again
♪ I never get
as much as I give
♪ I wanna be
my reason to live
♪ I'm too old
to die young
♪ I'm too old to die
[RAPPING IN FRENCH]
♪ I'm losing all
my senses again
♪ Don't wanna be
a witness again
♪ I never get
as much as I give
♪ I wanna be
my reason to live
♪ I'm too old
to die young
♪ I'm too old to die
♪ I'm too old
to die young ♪